Developer Documentation
How to obtain the source code. 
Go to GitHub and download it at https://github.com/xuyan-9494/Software-Engineering-Group---Student-Management-System.git

The layout of your directory structure.
TestProj——Include         
           ——Source         
           ——Shared         
           ——Resource        
           ——Debug         
           ——Release         
           ——Bin         
           ——IDE generated files         
           ——Readme         
           ——Other temporary files        
           ——The data file             
           ——The configuration file         
           ——DLL
(1)The Include directory contains the header file (.h) of the application, and can also be a subdirectory.
(2) The Source directory holds the application's Source files (.c or.cpp), and can also be a subdirectory.
(3) The Shared directory stores some Shared files.
(4) The Resource directory stores all kinds of Resource files used by the application, including pictures, videos, audio, ICONS, cursors, dialog boxes, etc., and can also be subdivided into directories.
(5) The Debug directory stores the intermediate files generated by the debugging version of the application program.
(6) The Release directory stores the intermediate files generated by the Release version of the application.
(7) The Bin directory stores lib files and DLL files created by programmers.

How to build the software. 
Generate, render HTML, a short description of the internal framework for generating HTML, including the main classes and concepts
Data binding: A method of updating a business object based on an HTTPPOST request
Multi-page data capture: Describes the internal framework for building web forms
web mvc
Security: Methods of authentication and authorization using Windows Identity Foundation (WiF)
Domain model: An overview of important parts of the domain model
Component framework: A brief description of the framework that is built by reconfiguring components at run time
Configuration: A brief description of the framework built to reconfigure components at run time
Architectural layering: An overview of layering strategies and patterns to implement
Exceptions and diaries
Patterns and Principles

How to test the software. 
Definition: according to the internal structure of the program, logic drives the test program.
Objective: To test whether the internal action of the product is carried out in accordance with the specifications of the design specification, and whether each path of the inspection program can work according to the predetermined requirements.
Object: source program.
Using branches, paths, and conditions within the code, the control structure of the program is designed to export test cases.
① Interface object testing process
Interface object (UI) → Business object (BO) → Data management object (DMO) →DBserver
② business object test process
DBserver → Data Management Object (DMO) → Business Object (BO) → Interface object (UI)
1) Try to use automated tools for static parsing first.
2) It is recommended to start with static testing (static structure analysis, code walk, static quality measurement) and then move on to dynamic testing (e.g., coverage testing).
3) Based on the static analysis results, code inspection and dynamic testing methods are used to further confirm the static analysis results to improve test efficiency and accuracy.
4) Coverage test is an important means of white box test, which can be used as the basis for quantitative indicators in the test report. For key modules of software, multiple coverage standards should be used to measure code coverage.

How to add new tests. 
Overview: mainly check the consistency of the code and flow diagram design, the rationality of the code structure, the standard of the code, readability, the correctness of the logical expression of the code and so on. It includes variable checking, naming and type checking, program logic checking, program syntax checking and program structure checking.
Objective:
(1)Check whether the code is written according to a standard or specification
(2) Check the code to find defects
(3) It is easy to find errors by checking the code
(4) Check the code to find out whether the code is required by the flowchart;
(5) Check the code to find missing items;
(6) For code to be portable, it often needs to be run on different hardware or compiled using different compilers;
Make your code easy to read, understand, and maintain.
Method:
(1)Check the desktop
(2)Walkthrough
(3 )Code review
Project:
(1)Directory file organization
(2)Check the function
(3)Data types and variables
(4)Check the condition judgment statement
(5)Check the circulation system
(6)Review code comments
(7) Desktop check

How to build a release of the software.
X.Y.Z.build
X -- Software major version, corresponding to product major version;
Y -- Sub-version of software, indicating a wide range of feature additions and changes, and bug fixes;
Z -- Incremental version of software, usually a major bug fix.
Build -- The internal version of the software, represented by an 8-bit date. If there are two releases in one day, they are described as build-1 and build-2.
X, Y, and Z are versions that can be added based on changes after a product is released.
Internally submit test versions 1.0.0.20160602, 1.0.0.20160603-1, and 1.0.0.20160603-2.
During internal testing, X, Y, and Z do not change. After product release, X, Y, and Z will change accordingly.
